[music]
NextGen graphics. An endless open world,
compelling storytelling.
Nope. We're milking this bunch of pixels
like there's no tomorrow. Come again to
feel the magic of the average Italian
countryside in a game that will change
your perspective. A new adventure
begins. Explore maps, level up powers,
kill monsters, find treasures. Either
take your time and be tactical or play
as fast as you humanly can. The outcome
is always accurate. Use wild to break
the combo system and summon survivors
[music] to trigger cascades of effects.
Get overpowered and plow through enemies
or carefully customize your abilities to
control the unhinged chaos of Vampire
Crawlers. The Turbo Wild card from
Vampire Survivors coming as soon as we
think it's ready. Cut. And we're done.
Great work, everyone. We managed to go
on for over a minute without ever saying
neither card or deck building. Nobody
will think to compare us to Balatro or
Slay the Spire. Now we're in the clear.